Updated learning resources and added an Info component (#2968)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: content/learn/getting-started/node-with-web-assembly.en.md

category: learn
---

> [**WebAssembly**](https://webassembly.org) is a high-performance assembly-like language that can be compiled from a myriad of languages including C/C++, Rust, and AssemblyScript. As of right now, it is supported by Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, and Node.js!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org)** is a high-performance assembly-like language that can be compiled from a myriad of languages, including C/C++, Rust, and AssemblyScript. Currently, it is supported by Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, and Node.js!
```
